then immediately declare i am mountains
I guess too
his episode
real men don't eat cheese
in which he has a number
great doubt attracted anything
a thing
under par was very clear
I didn't read the book
I have no opinion or command
or not where they are
I do have some reservations about how the episode worked
First of all the fragment is shown and Peter de Vries draws how much time Maria
would have
when she would travel from zwolle na rotterdam to have sex with men there
to have
in this he assumes
that the normal school day has a school for six hours
he just calculates very easily
that when twice
have two hours of travel time because of the case against the government
for the activities she said to do in Rotterdam and then 8 hours from
school is leaving and back at five
17 min 8 is 9 mindy four hours
then you have not lost much
that is two hours that peter that the government
then the charge
at minute 37 of the episode he says it was not a rape
6 in a minor's store
that is an act much less traumatizing than a unique one comes in
statue
a friend of maria
and that godfather has discovered in the book
she tells
that it could never have been that she could have been stoned
because she had never seen her with a joint how many stones people do you know
be so stupid to leave a cash offer
then nicky told
that Maria had just been in touch with that so-called loverboy for a while
manou
that is not believing what you want to believe where peter it at the start in the
episode was over
then there is simply an image
she is also one
friend of maria because they can be seen together in a number of places
and she tells
Amg searching days already told
and like sitting side by side in the classroom
according to peter you can say that you are quite a lot of girlfriends you are not
next to everyone in the class
and as long as you are super important friends for each other
then why do you break into a book
then its bears that it can't be that maria so neglected school she can
don't remember mary unitas
if you do not immediately feel that maria was there
rachel tells Peter when it really comes through
that they have made up a story against her grandmother
every child does that if you are so sure about it
why then i have you with your eyes
percy your lips together
I am not sure
super nervous impression
say things like
the hammer usually yes
Peter then says that he finds it amazing
that she does not make a declaration
that is not one of the problems surrounding the loverboy problem
a specialist can talk about that
Peter gives you the choice between 0 very unlikely
top 10 very truthful
one of the people told me that they found to be 4 internally and five
Peter draws the conclusion from this
that is, according to him, the hero of a book
sheer nonsense
when I say 50 to 60 percent of the events in the book
unlikely
then it doesn't have to mean that they didn't happen
it is unlikely
and that does not mean that it is or is not the truth you cannot do it there
conclude and when
fifty to sixty
percent of the events unlikely to reach the cut
that he thinks he finds half of the book unlikely
no he talked about the events in the book
that every event has been given the same amount of space in the book
then this will call but the mother of maria
empire may always let her talk out better
she says she has always spoken the truth
and therefore do not have to think of a strategy
for what she says and how she says with
that is quite painful for a strategically deployed game
from m tv presenter after peter had finished the conversation with the mother of
maria
he quickly draws the conclusion
in this way
he doesn't get any further
means that is not the same as
you don't get what they want to hear
also that he is the publisher of the book
enschede conversation is about
that he would rather emphasize
we are making a problem of it
and he is not satisfied with one leg
said beforehand that it was a special and significant conversation
that was also what m
as vity
would like to give you the following advice
ask the pope questions
occasionally drop some silences
try to focus on a person-to-person conversation
it can do you more
and give these answers
it made him a sympathetic person